First feedback:

1. Remove device access code
2. Change add medication icon to text
3. If going home or just pass the diary to background, while return, return to PIN ---done
4. Frequency should not be number but will be string ( 1 will be replaced by 1 x/day or 1x/per week)
5. Edit button for medication.
6. " Taken" title be added to the top of checkbox for selecting medication
7. Go to medication display below question yes or no
8. If yes selected, still need to take auto forward to medication section
9. If no selected, should promt for deleting existing list (text from seth)
10. Change time from 24 h to am/pm if timepick up--done
11. Parent child relation, if yes pressed and add input to child and then press no, then remove the data when no is selected.--done


second feedback:

1. time duration display---modify it from 1:40 format to 1hrs 4mins format---done
2. QCR---2D bar code reader integration- extended part
3. nitro last access time will update if nitroxide value is entered----done
4. location update should be fine location and should set to min distance and shortest time---min distance 1 m and time 1500 ms. this can be changed anytime
5. Message of notification will be generic " Please fill your diary today"--done.
6. onRestarted to PINactivity for all the pages--done
7. Mokimanage followMe---added but need to understand and test
8. Color theme -- like all the fields are one color initially, but after filled up will changed to different color so the user can know which field is still blank
9. Location distance should not be calculated--done
10.GPS fine location will be recorded to phone but while transfer should remove precision point so that no one know exact location of user. This 
is important for security and privacy for users.---recording has not been changed, later the sync process may be changed to meet the requirments
11. Sound should be enabled for all notification.--done
12. Tapped to notification should not have any direction. It will only be a message and snooz can be added for repeated sound.--done
13. Enrollment code should be removed from the settings---done
14. Tracking icon should not be displayed in the notification ,but should be displayed as icon just like the system icon of GPS.--nothing to change
